 Short theory snippets about Java
 
 Top level file:
 That is a file which contains a public class or interface which is not nested. 
 
 Example:
 
 public class App {
	// inner class
	class App2 {
		//some methods and fields
	}
 }
 
 App would be here the top-level file with the extension App.java. You cannot have two public classes in the same source file. 
 
 
 
 ---
 
 Wiederholung Compilieren und laufen lassen
 
 javac -cp . NumberPicker.java
 Diese Anweisung weist den Compiler an, im aktuellen Verzeichnis das top-level file NumberPicker.java zu kompilieren. Dazu
 wird noch der Classpath mit angegeben und zeigt dem Compiler so, wo sich die notwendige Datei findet.
 
  
 java -cp . NumberPicker.java
 Diese Anweisung ist die Kurzform , die Kompilieren und Ablaufen lassen zusammenfasst und durchführt.
 
 ---
 
 Using wildcards * for import packages
 
 Using a wildcard to import a package won´t slow down the program execution. Only actual used classes will be instantiated in case it´s necessary. 
 These classes in a package are visible at the classpath. However it´s not a good practice to use wildcards. Instead it should be more specific what
 other classes from other packages will be imported actually. This can help also to avoid conflicts which would cause a compiler error. For instance
 the class Date can be found in the package java.util and in the package java.sql. Importing both with wildcard would cause a comiler error due to a
 name conflict. One solution for using classes with same name would be to use the fully qualified name.
 
 ---
 
 What package is imported at any java programme by default and don´t need a import declaration?
 The package java.lang with all classes in it like the root class Object.
 
 ---
 
 How is the order in a class file? Sort top-level type declaration, methods, fields, constructor, import and package into the right order.
 ((Hint for Acronym "PIC" Package, Import, Class
 
 1. Package declaration
 2. Imports from other packages
 3. Top-level type declaration
 4. Fields
 5. Constructors (special methods)
 6. Methods
 
 The last 3 points have not really an order within the class.
 ---
 
 What is the minimum class declaration in Java which is compileable?
 
 class Main {}
 
 ---
 
 